Update sharing docs to match recent changes (#11823)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/contentSharing.md

# Content sharing

!!! info
Viewing and consuming publicly shared questions and assessments is now general access.  

>  Sharing your own questions and assessments is still a Beta feature. If your course is hosted on the official PrairieLearn server, you may request that question sharing be turned on for your course. If you administer your own PrairieLearn server, you should _not_ use question sharing at this time. In the future, question sharing may be supported across PrairieLearn servers, so turning on question sharing on unofficial servers at this point in time may lead to naming conflicts in the future.

Reviewer: What went on with the formatting here? Will suggest more changes once this is resolved.

Reviewer: @SethPoulsen I just saw your other comment about this. These are called "admonitions". See https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/?h=admoniti#usage for the proper formatting.

Author: thanks

}
```

## Sharing questions

> !!! info
> 
>     Sharing your own questions and assessments is a Beta feature. If your course is hosted on the official PrairieLearn server, you may request that question sharing be turned on for your course. If you administer your own PrairieLearn server, you should _not_ use question sharing at this time. In the future, question sharing may be supported across PrairieLearn servers, so turning on question sharing on unofficial servers at this point in time may lead to naming conflicts in the future. In order to avoid instructors needing to copy question files in between courses, PrairieLearn provides a way for questions from one course to be used in assessments in other courses.

Reviewer: IMO this sentence should stand on its own instead of at the end of a long warning about using question sharing on one's own servers.

```suggestion
In order to avoid instructors needing to copy question files in between courses, PrairieLearn provides a way for questions from one course to be used in assessments in other courses.

!!! info

    Sharing your own questions and assessments is a Beta feature. If your course is hosted on the official PrairieLearn server, you may request that question sharing be turned on for your course. If you administer your own PrairieLearn server, you should _not_ use question sharing at this time. In the future, question sharing may be supported across PrairieLearn servers, so turning on question sharing on unofficial servers at this point in time may lead to naming conflicts in the future.
```

Author: oh ya this was a mistake when I was rearranging things, thanks for catching!

Author: fixed in d1013b1863

### Sharing a sharing set with another course

For security reasons, establishing the connection for one course to share questions with another course requires coordinated action by owners of the course sharing the questions (which we will refer to hereafter as the "sharing course") and the course that is using the questions that are being shared ('which we will refer to hereafter as the "consuming course")

In order to allow someone to share their questions with your course, you must provide them with the "Sharing Token" listed on the "Sharing" tab of your instructor settings page. Then the sharing course must use the sharing token which you provide to them to add your course as a consumer of one of their sharing sets.

> ### Client and server files

Author: this text was not edited at all, it just got marked as deleted and re-added because of reordering.

3. Add `"sharePublicly": true` to the `info.json` file of questions you would like to share publicly.
4. Optionally, add `"shareSourcePublicly": true` to the `info.json` file if you would like people to also be able to view and copy the source code of your question.
5. Anyone with a PrairieLearn account may preview your question, and any PrairieLearn course may now use it by referencing it in their assessments.

## Sharing assessments

> You may also publicly share whole assessments, if every question referenced by the assessment is also publicly shared.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
You may also publicly share whole assessments, provided that every question referenced by the assessment is also publicly shared.
```

Author: done in 0372fe8889

3. Add `"sharePublicly": true` to the `info.json` file of questions you would like to share publicly.
4. Optionally, add `"shareSourcePublicly": true` to the `info.json` file if you would like people to also be able to view and copy the source code of your question.
5. Anyone with a PrairieLearn account may preview your question, and any PrairieLearn course may now use it by referencing it in their assessments.

> ## Steps to share an assessment

Reviewer: Consider adding H2 headings like "Sharing questions" and "Sharing assessments", moving most of the above under "Sharing questions", adding a brief overview of what assessment sharing is and how it works under "Sharing assessments", and shifting these steps under an H3 heading.

Author: ya, this is a good idea. I think I am just going to rearrange this whole docs page right now with the headings you suggested. I will also do a 'Using shared questions' heading, which will be at the top, since I think that will be the most common use.

Author: done in f3cc854d8c

> 1. Ensure that all questions on the assessment have `"sharePublicly": true`. This is to enable others to copy your assessment into their course and maintain access to all of its questions (we may support copying questions and assessments together in the future, but for now only the assessment will be copied).

Reviewer: We prefer not to talk about what may be possible in the future in the docs. It's better to talk directly in terms of what is or is not supported at this moment.

```suggestion
1. Ensure that all questions on the assessment have `"sharePublicly": true`. This is to enable others to copy your assessment into their course and maintain access to all of its questions. Currently, copying the questions as well as the assessment is not supported; the copied assessment will always include the shared questions by reference.
```

Feel free to workshop the text as you see fit.

Author: done in c20ad5e7c2
